> Dear Hiring Manager,

> I am currently pursuing a Master of Engineering degree at the University of Florida and planning on graduating this December. During my academic experiences, I used and loved many tools created by Oracle such as OCI, Oracle Grid Engine, and Java. After talking to several current Oracle employees, my wish to work for such an impressive company is even stronger. Oracle is an exceptional employer that I have admired for its innovative spirit and commitment to excellence. The Oracle Global Business Unit's dedication to solving diverse, real-world problems using cloud computing technologies is inspiring. As demonstrated by my research background, I am excited to work in an environment that put emphasis on R&D and innovation. I am thrilled about the opportunity to work alongside industry experts from different sectors and knowledgeable veterans who can guide me toward becoming a world-class software engineer. Therefore, I am genuinely interested in the Software Engineer Intern position at Oracle Global Business Unit.

> My academic achievements demonstrate my strong interest in software development and cloud computing. Furthermore, my experience as a Computational Biology Technician at the University of Washington Medical Center has provided me with invaluable experience in algorithm design, data structure implementations, distributed computing, and software development. I self-tough and become proficient in Python, Bash script, Linux, Oracle Grid Engine, Javascript, and Git and such skills align well with the OMQs required for working with OCI. This experience also taught me how to learn new skills independently, and quickly and stay up with state-of-the-art technologies. Additionally, my experience working with a diverse, international team of scientists taught me the invaluable importance of working in a diverse environment and provide me with critical skills in communicating with the global client base of the Oracle Global Business Unit. I was also responsible for drafting manuscripts to be submitted to top Scientific journals such as Nature, and Science. In this process, I learned to write and communicate concisely and pay extreme attention to detail.

> Through my experiences at the University of Washington Medical Center and my studies at the University of Florida, I am confident that I have obtained the critical skills and temperament needed to succeed in a fast-past, yet rewarding environment at Oracle. I welcome the opportunity to speak with you about my qualifications and ways that I can contribute to Oracle. Thank you and I look forward to hearing from you soon.

